If I talked to Brazil
the long one took three
demonstrating to be behind an attack of oslo
but Caesar Sky will swim against the world record holder
in the South American
Brazilian
with 20 91 the fastest swimmer in the world twice world champion of the race
Olympic champion
has called but many years that to his place the favorite of the test today
is the record holder tosin tel
with 21 55
dozens of students
guaranteed the long indefinite duration of the test 22 11
is the grand finale of the 50 meters free caesar sky
yesterday said
who's at sea
the situation today
in this competition than I
while the saints went today
I think the situation will worsen Senate heavier in the career is known
the only one to be state teammate we will give a good going condition
to be a very disputed event and I think it's a city thing naked in the beat
we can not forget the brasilia membrane - little impact
it's nothing more nothing less
on April 11
vanessa in the day to day
to dornelles
and has a very great potential of the mountain range and bruno fratus
nicholas dos santos
because just as I thought it was a year
natan donadon do flamengo bruno fratus do pinheiros - a project in sprinters
great future but already a reality and is the fifth in the world
and there the greatest Brazilian swimmer in history
If I was year
we are showing the image of the athletes who will join the double general strike
Filipe romeiras there, césar zé love
we are also accompanying in the editorial team sportv
50m free trial
the most awaited moment
part of the process added the greatest Brazilian swimmer of all time to the
alive
here in the mine pool sneakers club
if he is the one who made the second best time of the tie in the semifinal
recall associated
made the best time if any of the five
always a privilege to watch live
the Olympic champion and world champion of sensational competition in the third
placing
third place last year
common sense prevailed
supper of the silva in the final part of the approval of the change
in the first three months of the year was already ahead
they got there
on the panel
in a note the best of the sensible world would be the goal
or 97
the information is of 22 28 the second placed bruno fratus with the
fifth in the world in the race arrived in third with 22 67
spectacular to be associated with the elite
the best Brazilian swimmer of all time until March 25 until half
the pool
The book was at the front and he says
and rightly came from the world
you're not at your best in the pace of training
a little lower than the vehicles used those there 21 97% of with the test
was largely released
nickles that did better not only at reaction speed but at the entrance to the
water until the exit of the doni who are saying that now in that moment
very good and decisive so that the great part of the lead of the test
If the use is to take the lead in this participation until
now
he started really is able to threaten the team relied on the leadership
the picanha at the end for about three-tenths difference breaking 22 in
palms and 21/7 now abbas
Look at us prf in healthy smile is from Pernambuco heavy changes to the
sea ​​level nothing more than once the wave
is a very good player and cultivation
the world's oceans are impressive if they really found
above average
is not for nothing
Olympic champion of the two-time world champion
the dweller
extraordinary and 24 years
one of the great idols of the Brazilian sport
the only move to keep having been born here that I left
josé social as well
Miguel was already signed among the men the camera shows are signing
their commitment that they will have to where the self-tune pits I am showing
causing death is at that moment we are being victims
I'll do it now
the former attacker of the act
I need to settle accounts with a problem in the hand if you see there and then bald
participate here
walnut said he had a little cut on Monday
it's the last month of May that grana the other march balich one so strange
too much
but it will only be the sixth time
I think nothing is true.
my job is kind of hard
the exit did not fit eight games
so it was very good.
the weather is helping a lot in the front
in youth heat is very good
the challenge to the elite
to fight a brawl and training curricula
was the interesting thing since they forced them to approve of shock
margarine more for us but it is a tonic of the species of fauna I had
I'm going to leave the front not win but at the same time I know very well how he is
anyway
agents of the serb linked to the company
He's a more closed guy. He provokes a little more.
is an athlete of the best seafront ferry in this world
so we play another key sector come to court
an experienced guy who was very good
but if this test
it fit the dagobert are also very good huh
tried to arrive but propose rivals in the water but friends for decency
lived together at last are friends
all the time
out of the pool how does this relationship
is very good the requests of the opponents warned
the guy who has the best ratio of bulls
has a very good base for him to look for then too
we respect the outside the stick of even work
there each one by itself stay
it is intended to help a lot because it is fact that the themes
but even at your residence or
we were very similar perceptions in the field
our idea is that it is the superman to help someone, either lost and a
help other terrorist
we took the Mexican anthem that deserves the world
trying to make the best possible every moment and think about what is coming
This is what the Senate put in the Olympiad. We are not just thinking about the Senate.
Looks ugly but out of respect for the competition here.
to try to make a real break
we give a great adhesion of the others
He would have spent us sleeping here.
reinaldo do not know if he was well lisa lisboa 02 dez lusa - the agreement with the law
linda norgrove respectful of samae
read more on the blog of the severe dengue fever
- the Brazilian is collecting passengers on board giving a little bit out
I do not know if 22 006 of 28 7